{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	The game accomplished what I set out to do. It turned out to be a fun light hearted game with multiple endings and some little easter eggs and shortcuts. Of course, there could always be more detail, scenery, and little easter eggs, but I both ran out of time and didn\'92t want to risk corrupting my code.\
	Speaking of corrupting code, I would often get error messages for slight miss spellings like saying ladies when I meant Lady\'92s. I also had to look up how to make NPC\'92s, but that was fairly simple once I had figured it out. \
	The first puzzle is a quest to find a lost pigeon. Purposely misspelled Pidgeon. The bird has flown off and you must talk to Mr. Angl  to find out about the bird and gain the magic word that will call the bird to you. After yelling pretty bird in several rooms, you can yell pretty bird in the park. The pidgin will fly to you and be added to your inventory. Hand the bird back to Angl in exchange for the strange device.\
	My second puzzle involved finding a locket for the crazy cat lady. You can clearly see the locket when you enter the park. The park itself hints at the locket belonging to the crazy cat lady. The locket is hanging from a large tree in the park, but your ladder is to short to reach it and you can\'92t seem to get it down at the moment. After questioning the crazy cat lady, she will hint at how to get the locket or flat out tell you to shake the tree. With the new verb, you can get the locket and exchange it for the rusty key.\
	The third puzzle had to do with each ending. If the player finds out that they can go below the bridge using the subtle hints given to them, the player gains access to an easier version of the normal victory, or a special victory. If the player gathers all of permanently collectable items in the game and crosses the river into their own yard instead of exiting through the crazy cat ladies house as in the standard victory, you will get an alternate ending where you blow up Das Mine Field.\
	My game has several NPC\'92s and a few optional scenarios. I use the optional scenarios to increase the players feeling of choice and the NPC\'92s to add a extra element of emersion to the game. This is a sort of quest and search game, but I hope that the odd ways to obtain items and the bonus endings help to enhance the gameplay experience.\
	I had my Jonathan and my friend Paul test my game. The beta testing process was rough. It turned out that several of my hidden items were visible, whereas none of my items had descriptions. I had apparently typed the descriptions in a way where they were technically correct yet didn\'92t show up. None of my doors were locked, and I had mistyped some directions. I had also made some of the bonuses too easy to find. Both of my beta testers easily figured out how to go below the bridge despite the fact that it was a secret area. In response, I had to fix all of the descriptions, hide a few items, lock the doors, and I changed the bridge description to be more subtle.\
	I tested Jonathan\'92s game and found that he was missing a couple of descriptions. Some of his commands were also not quite clear. The game proceeded smoothly otherwise, but I couldn\'92t play past the first puzzle. A key item for said puzzle was undescribed and inoperable.\
	I feel the most proud of the easter eggs and the odd way to obtain a couple of the items in game. I feel that they are unique enough to differentiate the game. However, next time, I would definitely like to add more details, endings, and puzzles. If only there had been more time.}